Updated Fedora Linux in README.md (#2103)
sile-typesetter/sile: README.md

#### Fedora

> Fedora Linux have SILE in their official Fedora repository. To install run:

Reviewer: Plural is weird. Was "Fedora Linux users" intended (from the previous wording)?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fedora Linux has SILE in their official repositories. To install run:
```
